Add additional tags (#293)
envoyproxy/examples: jaeger-tracing/example.rst

(see trace function in :download:`examples/shared/python/tracing/service.py <_include/shared/python/tracing/service.py>`) acting as service1 propagates
the trace headers while making an outbound call to service2.

> This demo also shows how you can use custom_tags to to attach additional tags of type literal, request header, environment and metadata to the spans.

Author: ```suggestion
This demo also shows how you can use custom_tags to to attach additional tags of type literal, request header, environment and metadata to the activate span.
```

> This demo also shows how you can use custom_tags to to attach additional tags of type literal, request header, environment and metadata to the activate span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo also shows how you can use ``custom_tags`` to to attach additional tags of type literal, request header, environment and metadata to the active span.
```
